Generate five multiple choice question in the following form but with specific content: What is the capital of France?
        A) Berlin
        B) Rome 
        C) Paris 
        D) Amsterdam
        correct answer is: option C using the content 

     Guys, AI is getting more powerful with time. Now you can translate and dub your video into other languages with the help of AI. Wait, should I speak in another language? I'll say it again. Can you say it again? Video can be dubbed into other languages. Please help. Wait, this is also something different. I'll speak in Hindi this time. Now you can translate and dub your video into other languages with the help of AI. Yes, you heard it right. A year ago, we couldn't even imagine that we will be able to dub our video in multiple languages automatically with the help of the original voice, Auryab Singh. Just imagine, you make a video in any language, entertainment or educational video, and that video will be globally available in multiple languages. And I think we will be able to see this in 4-5 years at the ground level. And this is its positive side. If we think about the negative side, it is very scary. This is my video, which is Premier Pro's video, and it is in Hindi. I have translated it into multiple languages. And you will notice that the emotion and the voice tone, the lip-sync, everything is matching perfectly. First of all, we have Arabic. If you know Arabic, please tell me if it is translating perfectly. After that, we have Spanish. And then we have Korean. This language sounds very interesting. So if you know any of these languages and you know that it is working perfectly, then please do tell me in the comments. This technology is still in the initial phase. There are two very important things in this. The first one is that there should be an original voice, the original voice that you saw. The second most critical and important thing is your lip-sync. If you translate and the lip-sync is not perfect, then there will be a problem. So this is in the initial stage. It is not 100% accurate yet. But I think it will be 100% accurate very soon. And with emotion. Now the question arises, how can you try this? Well, it is not publicly available in many places right now. But you can try it in some places. And I am going to show you this in this video. Hello everyone. My name is Tauseef Khalid. And you are watching Billy For You The Simple Way. Even if this video is of 5 minutes for you, but it takes time for me to make it. So please like the video and enable the notification. Because I am back. Now let's go and see how we can dub our video. Guys, there are a lot of AI tools with which you can dub your video. But in this video, especially we will explore Wondershare's Verbo. This is a very popular company and it has a very popular product. Filmora video editing software, which I have covered in great detail. So this is also their product where you can make avatar videos, AI avatar videos, you can make presentation videos, etc. You can make that here. So a lot of information has been given to you in detail here. The link is also given in the description. You can follow that link and come to this page. Now here you can simply download it on your computer. Or you can also use it online. So simply I click on generate AI video online. First of all, you have to log in. Now see, we have a lot of avatars here. And in a very natural way, you will get to hear the emotion and voice here. So I choose any avatar from here. Actually, we have the option of create video here. Video translator, which is our highlight of this video. In which we will translate or dub our video. After that, we have talking photo, AI video, which is a coming soon feature. Here, for example, let me try. Like we have this. Portrait, I select here. Create video, portrait, vertical. Okay, so it's a very simple interface. You can choose an avatar from here. You can put a background here. You can add text, you can add text. Sticker, blah, blah, blah. There are many options. Here you can do the AI script. And you can select emotions from here. You can translate it. Whatever your text is in any language. Whatever language you want to translate it and want to make a video. You can translate the writing here. You can do audio script. And different things are here. Here you get an option of Posh. What happens many times is that when we generate audio from text. So there is no gap in it. There is no Posh in it. So you can add that thing here. And how many seconds you can decide here. And the model I have selected. According to that, this is a Hindi language. So here you get a lot of languages. You can play and see. Actually, I have a simple text here. I will copy it from here. And let's generate it here. Let's see what result we have here. So this is the text we have. And click on Simplest. And you will be able to preview the voice. And when you finally export. Then you will be able to see its emotions. Okay. Actually, there is some problem here. I have to turn on the voice here. You can control the speed from here. And if I want to turn off the subtitle here. I can turn it off. And finally, you have to click on Export. And your video will be generated. So I have a sample here. You can see. Okay. No problem, brother. That's enough. So here you get some features. We have some video templates here. Which you can make presentation type videos. By using the avatar here. Now we come here. We come to Video Translator. After coming to Video Translator. You have to upload your video here. So let me select a video here. Okay. We have a video here. And after that, you have to select the language here. What is the language of your video? So I select Hindi here. And then target language. So here you get so many languages. Target language. In which you can translate the video. So there is Hindi here. And Japanese, Indonesian, English. You get a lot of languages. There is an advanced setting here. Now you can turn on the subtitle here. Or if you need more control. On your script. On your voice. Or you want to translate perfectly in English. So you can enable this option from here. Of proofread. What will happen in this? First it will translate your video in English. On a script basis. Then there you can modify it if you want. Word etc. Or sentence. And after that, you can edit it. Now the feature of lip-sync here. It is showing coming soon. This is actually running in a lot of testing. If you want to test this thing. Then you can simply come to this option here. It is possible that when you are watching this. Then this is live. Because when I talked to the company. Then they said that in a few days. In a week, this thing will be fully live. So here you have to complete a small survey. And after that, in the last. You can paste your link. And after that. Then you will get it from them. Upload the link on Google Drive. Put it in sharing. And then paste it. They will send you the sample. By translating. In which your lip-sync will be perfect. But if you want to translate simply. In which your focus is not on lip-sync. Then it will dub in a very perfect way. Come on. Translate this video. And here in processing. It will take a little time. I mean, as long as your video will be. It will take time accordingly. Normally it takes 5 to 10 minutes. After that, your video comes. Finally, you can play it. And after that. You can download it. So this is the technology of Verbo Wondershare. It is very much in the initial stage. It is very much in the initial stage. And I think that within a year. We will be able to see it in a very common way. And it is really amazing. Like you can imagine. That you have any video. You will be able to translate it. But initially it is going to be a little expensive. But after that. When it comes to the mainstream. It will come to normal people. Then we will be able to use it in a better way. In a normal way. So let's translate here. After that, let's play it. Okay guys. So this has finally been translated. And if we play it here. So here the voice. The tone. It is coming to me. But the lip-sync is not here yet. So the lip-sync is missing. And as soon as that feature is enabled. I will give you an update. So here. We have it dubbed. So if you want to do normal dubbing. Only in your tone. In your language. I mean, you understand. In your tone. In the same voice. In English. So you can use it. Lip-sync too. Just coming soon. Then you will be able to use it. After that. If you are downloading. Then you can simply download the video from here. Okay. So guys. I hope you liked this video. Do give feedback. What do you think of this technology? Or what do you think about it? For more such interesting AI videos. And AI powered video editing videos. To watch. You can subscribe to our channel. If you want to get personally connected with me. So please. Check out my personal vlog YouTube channel. And do subscribe to it. Let's meet in the next video. Till then take care of yourself. Allah Hafiz. Jai Hind. Allah Hafiz.
