<<<<<<< Updated upstream
 Guys, AI is getting more powerful with time. Now you can translate and dub your video into other languages with the help of AI. Wait, should I speak in another language? I'll say it again. Can you say it again? Video can be dubbed into other languages. Please help. Wait, this is also something different. I'll speak in Hindi this time. Now you can translate and dub your video into other languages with the help of AI. Yes, you heard it right. A year ago, we couldn't even imagine that we will be able to dub our video in multiple languages automatically with the help of the original voice, Auryab Singh. Just imagine, you make a video in any language, entertainment or educational video, and that video will be globally available in multiple languages. And I think we will be able to see this in 4-5 years at the ground level. And this is its positive side. If we think about the negative side, it is very scary. This is my video, which is Premier Pro's video, and it is in Hindi. I have translated it into multiple languages. And you will notice that the emotion and the voice tone, the lip-sync, everything is matching perfectly. First of all, we have Arabic. If you know Arabic, please tell me if it is translating perfectly. After that, we have Spanish. And then we have Korean. This language sounds very interesting. So if you know any of these languages and you know that it is working perfectly, then please do tell me in the comments. This technology is still in the initial phase. There are two very important things in this. The first one is that there should be an original voice, the original voice that you saw. The second most critical and important thing is your lip-sync. If you translate and the lip-sync is not perfect, then there will be a problem. So this is in the initial stage. It is not 100% accurate yet. But I think it will be 100% accurate very soon. And with emotion. Now the question arises, how can you try this? Well, it is not publicly available in many places right now. But you can try it in some places. And I am going to show you this in this video. Hello everyone. My name is Tauseef Khalid. And you are watching Billy For You The Simple Way. Even if this video is of 5 minutes for you, but it takes time for me to make it. So please like the video and enable the notification. Because I am back. Now let's go and see how we can dub our video. Guys, there are a lot of AI tools with which you can dub your video. But in this video, especially we will explore Wondershare's Verbo. This is a very popular company and it has a very popular product. Filmora video editing software, which I have covered in great detail. So this is also their product where you can make avatar videos, AI avatar videos, you can make presentation videos, etc. You can make that here. So a lot of information has been given to you in detail here. The link is also given in the description. You can follow that link and come to this page. Now here you can simply download it on your computer. Or you can also use it online. So simply I click on generate AI video online. First of all, you have to log in. Now see, we have a lot of avatars here. And in a very natural way, you will get to hear the emotion and voice here. So I choose any avatar from here. Actually, we have the option of create video here. Video translator, which is our highlight of this video. In which we will translate or dub our video. After that, we have talking photo, AI video, which is a coming soon feature. Here, for example, let me try. Like we have this. Portrait, I select here. Create video, portrait, vertical. Okay, so it's a very simple interface. You can choose an avatar from here. You can put a background here. You can add text, you can add text. Sticker, blah, blah, blah. There are many options. Here you can do the AI script. And you can select emotions from here. You can translate it. Whatever your text is in any language. Whatever language you want to translate it and want to make a video. You can translate the writing here. You can do audio script. And different things are here. Here you get an option of Posh. What happens many times is that when we generate audio from text. So there is no gap in it. There is no Posh in it. So you can add that thing here. And how many seconds you can decide here. And the model I have selected. According to that, this is a Hindi language. So here you get a lot of languages. You can play and see. Actually, I have a simple text here. I will copy it from here. And let's generate it here. Let's see what result we have here. So this is the text we have. And click on Simplest. And you will be able to preview the voice. And when you finally export. Then you will be able to see its emotions. Okay. Actually, there is some problem here. I have to turn on the voice here. You can control the speed from here. And if I want to turn off the subtitle here. I can turn it off. And finally, you have to click on Export. And your video will be generated. So I have a sample here. You can see. Okay. No problem, brother. That's enough. So here you get some features. We have some video templates here. Which you can make presentation type videos. By using the avatar here. Now we come here. We come to Video Translator. After coming to Video Translator. You have to upload your video here. So let me select a video here. Okay. We have a video here. And after that, you have to select the language here. What is the language of your video? So I select Hindi here. And then target language. So here you get so many languages. Target language. In which you can translate the video. So there is Hindi here. And Japanese, Indonesian, English. You get a lot of languages. There is an advanced setting here. Now you can turn on the subtitle here. Or if you need more control. On your script. On your voice. Or you want to translate perfectly in English. So you can enable this option from here. Of proofread. What will happen in this? First it will translate your video in English. On a script basis. Then there you can modify it if you want. Word etc. Or sentence. And after that, you can edit it. Now the feature of lip-sync here. It is showing coming soon. This is actually running in a lot of testing. If you want to test this thing. Then you can simply come to this option here. It is possible that when you are watching this. Then this is live. Because when I talked to the company. Then they said that in a few days. In a week, this thing will be fully live. So here you have to complete a small survey. And after that, in the last. You can paste your link. And after that. Then you will get it from them. Upload the link on Google Drive. Put it in sharing. And then paste it. They will send you the sample. By translating. In which your lip-sync will be perfect. But if you want to translate simply. In which your focus is not on lip-sync. Then it will dub in a very perfect way. Come on. Translate this video. And here in processing. It will take a little time. I mean, as long as your video will be. It will take time accordingly. Normally it takes 5 to 10 minutes. After that, your video comes. Finally, you can play it. And after that. You can download it. So this is the technology of Verbo Wondershare. It is very much in the initial stage. It is very much in the initial stage. And I think that within a year. We will be able to see it in a very common way. And it is really amazing. Like you can imagine. That you have any video. You will be able to translate it. But initially it is going to be a little expensive. But after that. When it comes to the mainstream. It will come to normal people. Then we will be able to use it in a better way. In a normal way. So let's translate here. After that, let's play it. Okay guys. So this has finally been translated. And if we play it here. So here the voice. The tone. It is coming to me. But the lip-sync is not here yet. So the lip-sync is missing. And as soon as that feature is enabled. I will give you an update. So here. We have it dubbed. So if you want to do normal dubbing. Only in your tone. In your language. I mean, you understand. In your tone. In the same voice. In English. So you can use it. Lip-sync too. Just coming soon. Then you will be able to use it. After that. If you are downloading. Then you can simply download the video from here. Okay. So guys. I hope you liked this video. Do give feedback. What do you think of this technology? Or what do you think about it? For more such interesting AI videos. And AI powered video editing videos. To watch. You can subscribe to our channel. If you want to get personally connected with me. So please. Check out my personal vlog YouTube channel. And do subscribe to it. Let's meet in the next video. Till then take care of yourself. Allah Hafiz. Jai Hind. Allah Hafiz.
=======
 picture this a machine that could organize your cupboard just as you like it or serve every member of the house a customized cup of coffee makes your day easier doesn't it these are the products of artificial intelligence but why use the term artificial intelligence well these machines are artificially incorporated with human-like intelligence to perform tasks as we do this intelligence is built using complex algorithms and mathematical functions but ai may not be as obvious as in the previous examples in fact ai is used in smartphones cars social media feeds video games banking surveillance and many other aspects of our daily life the real question is what does an ai do at its core here is a robot we built in our lab which is now dropped onto a field in spite of a variation in lighting landscape and dimensions of the field the ai robot must perform as expected this ability to react appropriately to a new situation is called generalized learning the robot is now at a crossroad one that is paved and the other rocky the robot must determine which path to take based on the circumstances this portrays the robot's reasoning ability after a short stroll the robot now encounters a stream that it cannot swim across using the plank provided as an input the robot is able to cross this stream so our robot uses the given input and finds the solution for a problem this is problem solving these three capabilities make the robot artificially intelligent in short ai provides machines with the capability to adapt reason and provide solutions well now that we know what ai is let's have a look at the two broad categories an ais classified into weak ai also called narrow ai focuses solely on one task for example alphago is a maestro of the game go but you can't expect it to be even remotely good at chess this makes alphago a weak ai you might say alexa is definitely not a weak ai since it can perform multiple tasks well that's not really true when you ask alexa to play despacito it picks up the keywords play and despacito and runs a program and is trained to alexa cannot respond to a question it isn't trained to answer for instance try asking alexa the status of traffic from work to home alexa cannot provide you this information as she is not trained to and that brings us to our second category of ai strong ai now this is much like the robots that only exist in fiction as of now ultron from avengers is an ideal example of a strong ai that's because it's self-aware and eventually even develops emotions this makes the ai's response unpredictable you must be wondering well how is artificial intelligence different from machine learning and deep learning we saw what ai is machine learning is a technique to achieve ai and deep learning in turn is a subset of machine learning machine learning provides a machine with the capability to learn from data and experience through algorithms deep learning does this learning through ways inspired by the human brain this means through deep learning data and patterns can be better perceived ray kurzweil a well-known futurist predicts that by the year 2045 we would have robots as smart as humans this is called the point of singularity well that's not all in fact elon musk predicts that the human mind and body will be enhanced by ai implants which would make us partly cyborgs so here's a question for you which of the below ai projects don't exist yet a an ai robot with citizenship b a robot with a muscular skeletal system c ai that can read its owner's emotions d ain't that develops emotions over time give it a thought and leave your answers in the comment section below three lucky winners will receive amazon gift vouchers since the human brain is still a mystery it's no surprise that ai2 has a lot of unventured domains for now ai is built to work with humans and make our tasks easier however with the maturation of technology we can only wait and watch what the future of ai holds for us well that is artificial intelligence for you in short do not forget to leave your answer to the quiz in the comment section below also like share and subscribe to our channel if you enjoyed this video stay tuned and keep learning [Music] you
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
